---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "xray_catalog_labels Resource - terraform-provider-xray"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages JFrog Catalog labels and their assignments using the correct GraphQL API mutations.
  ~> Requires JFrog Catalog service to be available.
---

# xray_catalog_labels (Resource)

Manages JFrog Catalog labels and their assignments using the correct GraphQL API mutations. 

~> Requires JFrog Catalog service to be available.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `labels` (Attributes Set) Set of catalog labels to manage. At least one label is required. Maximum of 500 labels can be created in a single operation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--labels))
- `package_assignments` (Attributes Set) Set of package assignments. Assigns labels to packages. Note: Only one label per package is supported by the API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--package_assignments))
- `version_assignments` (Attributes Set) Set of package version assignments. Assigns labels to specific package versions. Note: Only one label per package version is supported by the API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--version_assignments))

<a id="nestedatt--labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `labels`

Required:

- `description` (String) Description of the catalog label. Must have at most 300 characters.
- `name` (String) The name of the catalog label. Must be unique and have at most 15 characters.


<a id="nestedatt--package_assignments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `package_assignments`

Required:

- `label_name` (String) Label name to assign to the package. API supports only 1 label per assignment.
- `package_name` (String) Name of the package to assign labels to.
- `package_type` (String) Type of the package (e.g., npm, maven, docker, etc.).


<a id="nestedatt--version_assignments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `version_assignments`

Required:

- `label_name` (String) Label name to assign to the package version. API supports only 1 label per assignment.
- `package_name` (String) Name of the package.
- `package_type` (String) Type of the package (e.g., npm, maven, docker, etc.).
- `versions` (Set of String) List of versions for bulk assignment with the same label. Must contain at least one non-empty version.
