---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "xray_ignore_rule Resource - terraform-provider-xray"
subcategory: ""
---

# xray_ignore_rule (Resource)

  Provides an Xray ignore rule resource. See Xray Ignore Rules https://www.jfrog.com/confluence/display/JFROG/Ignore+Rules and REST API https://www.jfrog.com/confluence/display/JFROG/Xray+REST+API#XrayRESTAPI-IGNORERULES for more details. Notice: at least one of the 'vulnerabilities/cves/liceneses', 'component', and 'dockerlayers/artifact/build/releasebundle' should not be empty. When selecting the ignore criteria, take note of the combinations you choose. Some combinations such as omitting everything is not allowed as it will ignore all future violations (in the watch or in the system).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "xray_ignore_rule" "ignore-rule-5649816" {
  notes           = "notes"
  cves            = ["fake-cves", "cves-1"]
  expiration_date = "2023-01-25"
}

resource "xray_ignore_rule" "ignore-rule-2195938" {
  notes           = "notes"
  expiration_date = "2023-01-19"
  vulnerabilities = ["any"]

  build {
    name    = "name"
    version = "version"
  }
}

resource "xray_ignore_rule" "ignore-rule-2590577" {
  notes           = "notes"
  expiration_date = "2023-01-19"
  vulnerabilities = ["any"]

  component {
    name    = "name"
    version = "version"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `notes` (String) Notes of the ignore rule

### Optional

- `artifact` (Block Set) List of specific artifacts to ignore. Omit to apply to all. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--artifact))
- `build` (Block Set) List of specific builds to ignore. Omit to apply to all. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--build))
- `component` (Block Set) List of specific components to ignore. Omit to apply to all. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--component))
- `cves` (Set of String) List of specific CVEs to ignore. Omit to apply to all.
- `docker_layers` (Set of String) List of Docker layer SHA256 hashes to ignore. Omit to apply to all.
- `expiration_date` (String) The Ignore Rule will be active until the expiration date. At that date it will automatically get deleted.
- `licenses` (Set of String) List of specific licenses to ignore. Omit to apply to all.
- `operational_risk` (List of String) Operational risk to ignore. Only accept 'any'
- `policies` (Set of String) List of specific policies to ignore. Omit to apply to all.
- `project_key` (String) Project key for assigning this resource to. Must be 2 - 10 lowercase alphanumeric and hyphen characters.
- `release_bundle` (Block Set) List of specific release bundles to ignore. Omit to apply to all. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--release_bundle))
- `vulnerabilities` (Set of String) List of specific vulnerabilities to ignore. Omit to apply to all.
- `watches` (Set of String) List of specific watches to ignore. Omit to apply to all.

### Read-Only

- `author` (String)
- `created` (String)
- `id` (String) ID of the ignore rule
- `is_expired` (Boolean)

<a id="nestedblock--artifact"></a>
### Nested Schema for `artifact`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the artifact. Wildcards are not supported.

Optional:

- `path` (String) Path of the artifact. Must end with a '/'
- `version` (String) Version of the artifact


<a id="nestedblock--build"></a>
### Nested Schema for `build`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the build

Optional:

- `version` (String) Version of the build


<a id="nestedblock--component"></a>
### Nested Schema for `component`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the component

Optional:

- `version` (String) Version of the component


<a id="nestedblock--release_bundle"></a>
### Nested Schema for `release_bundle`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the release bundle

Optional:

- `version` (String) Version of the release bundle