---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "xray_operational_risk_policy Resource - terraform-provider-xray"
subcategory: "Policies"
---

# xray_operational_risk_policy (Resource)

Creates an Xray policy using V2 of the underlying APIs. Please note: It's only compatible with Bearer token auth method (Identity and Access => Access Tokens)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "xray_operational_risk_policy" "min_risk" {
  name        = "test-operational-risk-policy-min-risk"
  description = "Operational Risk policy with a custom risk rule"
  type        = "operational_risk"
  project_key = "testproj"

  rule {
    name     = "op_risk_custom_rule"
    priority = 1

    criteria {
      op_risk_min_risk = "Medium"
    }

    actions {
      webhooks                           = []
      mails                              = ["test@email.com"]
      block_release_bundle_distribution  = false
      block_release_bundle_promotion     = false
      fail_build                         = true
      notify_watch_recipients            = true
      notify_deployer                    = true
      create_ticket_enabled              = false // set to true only if Jira integration is enabled
      build_failure_grace_period_in_days = 5     // use only if fail_build is enabled

      block_download {
        unscanned = true
        active    = true
      }
    }
  }
}

resource "xray_operational_risk_policy" "custom_criteria" {
  name        = "test-operational-risk-policy-custom-criteria"
  description = "Operational Risk policy with a custom risk rule"
  type        = "operational_risk"
  project_key = "testproj"

  rule {
    name     = "op_risk_custom_rule"
    priority = 1

    criteria {
      op_risk_custom {
        use_and_condition                  = true
        is_eol                             = false
        release_date_greater_than_months   = 6
        newer_versions_greater_than        = 1
        release_cadence_per_year_less_than = 1
        commits_less_than                  = 10
        committers_less_than               = 1
        risk                               = "medium"
      }
    }

    actions {
      webhooks                           = []
      mails                              = ["test@email.com"]
      block_release_bundle_distribution  = false
      fail_build                         = true
      notify_watch_recipients            = true
      notify_deployer                    = true
      create_ticket_enabled              = false // set to true only if Jira integration is enabled
      build_failure_grace_period_in_days = 5     // use only if fail_build is enabled

      block_download {
        unscanned = true
        active    = true
      }
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the policy (must be unique)
- `type` (String) Type of the policy

### Optional

- `description` (String) More verbose description of the policy
- `project_key` (String) Project key for assigning this resource to. Must be 2 - 10 lowercase alphanumeric and hyphen characters.
- `rule` (Block Set) A list of user-defined rules allowing you to trigger violations for specific vulnerability or license breaches by setting a license or security criteria, with a corresponding set of automatic actions according to your needs. Rules are processed according to the ascending order in which they are placed in the Rules list on the Policy. If a rule is met, the subsequent rules in the list will not be applied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule))

### Read-Only

- `author` (String) User, who created the policy
- `created` (String) Creation timestamp
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `modified` (String) Modification timestamp

<a id="nestedblock--rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the rule
- `priority` (Number) Integer describing the rule priority. Must be at least 1

Optional:

- `actions` (Block Set) Specifies the actions to take once a security policy violation has been triggered. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule--actions))
- `criteria` (Block Set) The set of security conditions to examine when an scanned artifact is scanned. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule--criteria))

<a id="nestedblock--rule--actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.actions`

Optional:

- `block_download` (Block Set) Block download of artifacts that meet the Artifact Filter and Severity Filter specifications for this watch (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule--actions--block_download))
- `block_release_bundle_distribution` (Boolean) Blocks Release Bundle distribution to Edge nodes if a violation is found. Default value is `false`.
- `block_release_bundle_promotion` (Boolean) Blocks Release Bundle promotion if a violation is found. Default value is `false`.
- `build_failure_grace_period_in_days` (Number) Allow grace period for certain number of days. All violations will be ignored during this time. To be used only if `fail_build` is enabled.
- `create_ticket_enabled` (Boolean) Create Jira Ticket for this Policy Violation. Requires configured Jira integration. Default value is `false`.
- `fail_build` (Boolean) Whether or not the related CI build should be marked as failed if a violation is triggered. This option is only available when the policy is applied to an `xray_watch` resource with a `type` of `builds`. Default value is `false`.
- `mails` (Set of String) A list of email addressed that will get emailed when a violation is triggered.
- `notify_deployer` (Boolean) Sends an email message to component deployer with details about the generated Violations. Default value is `false`.
- `notify_watch_recipients` (Boolean) Sends an email message to all configured recipients inside a specific watch with details about the generated Violations. Default value is `false`.
- `webhooks` (Set of String) A list of Xray-configured webhook URLs to be invoked if a violation is triggered.

<a id="nestedblock--rule--actions--block_download"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.actions.block_download`

Optional:

- `active` (Boolean) Whether or not to block download of artifacts that meet the artifact and severity `filters` for the associated `xray_watch` resource. Default value is `false`.
- `unscanned` (Boolean) Whether or not to block download of artifacts that meet the artifact `filters` for the associated `xray_watch` resource but have not been scanned yet. Can not be set to `true` if attribute `active` is `false`. Default value is `false`.



<a id="nestedblock--rule--criteria"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.criteria`

Optional:

- `op_risk_custom` (Block List) Custom Condition (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule--criteria--op_risk_custom))
- `op_risk_min_risk` (String) The minimum operational risk that will be impacted by the policy: High, Medium, Low

<a id="nestedblock--rule--criteria--op_risk_custom"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.criteria.op_risk_custom`

Required:

- `use_and_condition` (Boolean) Use `AND` between conditions (true) or `OR` condition (false)

Optional:

- `commits_less_than` (Number) Number of commits less than per year: 10, 25, 50, or 100
- `committers_less_than` (Number) Number of committers less than per year: 1, 2, 3, 4, or 5
- `is_eol` (Boolean) Is End-of-Life?
- `newer_versions_greater_than` (Number) Number of releases since greater than: 1, 2, 3, 4, or 5
- `release_cadence_per_year_less_than` (Number) Release cadence less than per year: 1, 2, 3, 4, or 5
- `release_date_greater_than_months` (Number) Release age greater than (in months): 6, 12, 18, 24, 30, or 36
- `risk` (String) Risk severity: Low, Medium, High

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import xray_operational_risk_policy.my-policy policy-name
```