---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "xray_repository_config Resource - terraform-provider-xray"
subcategory: ""
---

# xray_repository_config (Resource)

Provides an Xray repository config resource. See [Xray Indexing Resources](https://www.jfrog.com/confluence/display/JFROG/Indexing+Xray+Resources#IndexingXrayResources-SetaRetentionPeriod) and [REST API](https://www.jfrog.com/confluence/display/JFROG/Xray+REST+API#XrayRESTAPI-UpdateRepositoriesConfigurations) for more details.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "xray_repository_config" "xray-repo-config-pattern" {
  repo_name = "example-repo-local"

  paths_config {
    pattern {
      include             = "core/**"
      exclude             = "core/internal/**"
      index_new_artifacts = true
      retention_in_days   = 60
    }

    pattern {
      include             = "core/**"
      exclude             = "core/external/**"
      index_new_artifacts = true
      retention_in_days   = 45
    }

    all_other_artifacts {
      index_new_artifacts = true
      retention_in_days   = 60
    }
  }
}

resource "xray_repository_config" "xray-repo-config" {
  repo_name = "example-repo-local"

  config {
    vuln_contextual_analysis = true
    retention_in_days        = 90
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `repo_name` (String) Repository name.

### Optional

- `config` (Block Set, Max: 1) Single repository configuration. Only one of 'config' or 'paths_config' can be set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config))
- `paths_config` (Block Set, Max: 1) Enables you to set a more granular retention period. It enables you to scan future artifacts within the specific path, and set a retention period for the historical data of artifacts after they are scanned (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--paths_config))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Optional:

- `exposures` (Block Set, Max: 1) Enables Xray to perform scans for multiple categories that cover security issues in your configurations and the usage of open source libraries in your code. Available only to CLOUD (SaaS)/SELF HOSTED for ENTERPRISE X and ENTERPRISE+ with Advanced DevSecOps (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--exposures))
- `retention_in_days` (Number) The artifact will be retained for the number of days you set here, after the artifact is scanned. This will apply to all artifacts in the repository.
- `vuln_contextual_analysis` (Boolean) Only for SaaS instances, will be available after Xray 3.59. Enables vulnerability contextual analysis.

<a id="nestedblock--config--exposures"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.exposures`

Optional:

- `scanners_category` (Block Set, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--exposures--scanners_category))

<a id="nestedblock--config--exposures--scanners_category"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.exposures.scanners_category`

Optional:

- `applications` (Boolean) Detect whether common OSS libraries and services are used securely by the application.
- `iac` (Boolean) Scans IaC files stored in Artifactory for early detection of cloud and infrastructure misconfigurations to prevent attacks and data leak. Only supported by Terraform Backend package type.
- `malicious_code` (Boolean)
- `secrets` (Boolean) Detect any secret left exposed in any containers stored in Artifactory to stop any accidental leak of internal tokens or credentials.
- `services` (Boolean) Detect whether common OSS libraries and services are configured securely, so application can be easily hardened by default.




<a id="nestedblock--paths_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `paths_config`

Required:

- `all_other_artifacts` (Block Set, Min: 1, Max: 1) If you select by pattern, you must define a retention period for all other artifacts in the repository in the All Other Artifacts setting. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--paths_config--all_other_artifacts))
- `pattern` (Block List, Min: 1) Pattern, applied to the repositories. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--paths_config--pattern))

<a id="nestedblock--paths_config--all_other_artifacts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `paths_config.all_other_artifacts`

Optional:

- `index_new_artifacts` (Boolean) If checked, Xray will scan newly added artifacts in the path. Note that existing artifacts will not be scanned. If the folder contains existing artifacts that have been scanned, and you do not want to index new artifacts in that folder, you can choose not to index that folder.
- `retention_in_days` (Number) The artifact will be retained for the number of days you set here, after the artifact is scanned. This will apply to all artifacts in the repository.


<a id="nestedblock--paths_config--pattern"></a>
### Nested Schema for `paths_config.pattern`

Required:

- `include` (String) Include pattern.

Optional:

- `exclude` (String) Exclude pattern.
- `index_new_artifacts` (Boolean) If checked, Xray will scan newly added artifacts in the path. Note that existing artifacts will not be scanned. If the folder contains existing artifacts that have been scanned, and you do not want to index new artifacts in that folder, you can choose not to index that folder.
- `retention_in_days` (Number) The artifact will be retained for the number of days you set here, after the artifact is scanned. This will apply to all artifacts in the repository.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import xray_repository_config.my-config config-repo-name
```