---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "xray_settings Resource - terraform-provider-xray"
subcategory: "Settings"
---

# xray_settings (Resource)

Provides an Xray resource for managing basic settings and DB Sync Time.

[Basic settings documentation](https://jfrog.com/help/r/jfrog-security-documentation/advanced-xray-settings).

[DB Sync Time API documentation](https://jfrog.com/help/r/xray-rest-apis/update-db-sync-daily-update-time).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "xray_settings" "db_sync" {
  enabled                        = true
  allow_blocked                  = true
  allow_when_unavailable         = true
  block_unscanned_timeout        = 120
  block_unfinished_scans_timeout = 3600
  db_sync_updates_time           = "18:40"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `db_sync_updates_time` (String) The time of the Xray DB sync daily update job. Format `HH:mm`

### Optional

- `allow_blocked` (Boolean) Determines whether to allow artifacts blocked by Xray to be downloaded. This setting cannot override the blocking of unscanned artifacts. Should only be set to `true` when `enabled` is set. Default value: `false`.
- `allow_when_unavailable` (Boolean) Determines whether to block certain operations (for example, downloading artifacts) when the connected Xray instance is unavailable. Should only be set to `true` when `enabled` is set. Default value: `false`.
- `block_unfinished_scans_timeout` (Number) Defines the amount of time to wait for Xray to _finish_ scanning an artifact before blocking operations on that artifact automatically if the scan is still unfinished. Default value: 1800 seconds (30 minutes)
- `block_unscanned_timeout` (Number) Defines the amount of time to wait for Xray to _start_ scanning an artifact before blocking operations on that artifact automatically if the scan has still not started. Default value: 60 seconds (1 minute)
- `enabled` (Boolean) Determines whether Xray is currently enabled. Default value: `true`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

Settings can be imported using the DB sync time as the ID, e.g.
```
$ terraform import xray_settings.my-settings 00:00
```